Doc updates (#49)
ROCm/rocprof-compute-viewer: docs/reference/views.rst

To stream SQ performance counters for all or specific SIMDs, define SIMD masks using ``:0xmask`` in which the counters increment only for a particular SIMD. The default value of ``0xF`` increments counters for all SIMDs.

.. _simd-mask:

.. code-block:: shell

    # This enables SQ_INSTS_VALU for all SIMDs, and shows individual SQ_INSTS_SALU counters per SIMD [0,1,2]
    rocprofv3 --att-perfcounter-ctrl 3 --att-perfcounters "SQ_INSTS_VALU:0xF SQ_INSTS_SALU:0x1 SQ_INSTS_SALU:0x2 SQ_INSTS_SALU:0x4"

To view the plot for SQ counters collected per Compute Unit (CU) or SE:

1. Go to Menu -> Edit -> Counters shown to define the SE or CU to be plotted.

2. Deselect all CUs except "1" to visualize counters only for CU=1. Note that "1" is usually the default ``--att-target-cu``.

To view the plot for SQ counters collected per SIMD, use :ref:`SIMD mask <simd-mask>` and filter the CU in "Menu -> Edit -> Counters shown".

On ROCm 7.13 or later, collect counters only for the target CU with ``--att-perfcounter-target-only``. This is recommended when using a high polling rate:

.. code-block:: shell

    rocprofv3 --att-perfcounter-target-only 1 [...]

> Here are the SQ counters that help to analyze hardware utilization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some example SQ counters that help to analyze hardware utilization:
```
